network setting clarity (#17572)
docker/docs: desktop/settings/mac.md

### Network

> Docker Desktop uses a private IPv4 network for internal services such as a DNS server and an HTTP proxy. In case the choice of subnet clashes with something in your environment, specify a custom subnet using the **Network** setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docker Desktop uses a private IPv4 network for internal services such as a DNS server and an HTTP proxy. In case the choice of subnet clashes with your environment, you can specify a custom subnet using the **Network** setting.
```

The description was perhaps slightly vague unnecessarily?
